[Music]
north yungas road in bolivia
is one of the most picturesque and most
hazardous roads in the world
just imagine biking along a cliff trail
at a
mind-numbing height overlooking the lush
bolivian jungle
and misty mountains at a distance what a
view
but as soon as you realize you're riding
on a 10 foot wide stretch of road
some of which isn't even paved you might
get skin crawls
and for a good reason over 200 folks
tumble to their demise each year on this
devious mountain climb
and the absence of any guard rail
doesn't help at all
now if you're more into walking consider
the husseini bridge in pakistan
it's officially the most dangerous
hanging bridge in the world
but hardly the only one in the country
it's a long and nerve-wracking traverse
over lake borat with many planks of the
bridge missing
and the whole construction creaking
ominously in the wind
still the place has become a major
tourist attraction
although the old and broken bridge
visible nearby
only adds to the impression that you're
inevitably going to fall to a screaming
end
well at least you can be thankful that
the lake beneath is not lake natron in
tanzania
if you fall into water you still have a
chance of survival
if you fall into the waters of natron
not so much
the ph levels here are skin melting 10.5
what passes for water is more like an
alkaline soup
no wonder this place is so peaceful
pretty much nothing wants to live here
and yet flocks of flamingos come to lake
natron to breed every few seasons
and it becomes a white pink paradise for
the period
positively
which can't be said about the danikel
depression in ethiopia
despite its beautiful otherworldly
landscape
it's perhaps the loneliest place on
earth yellow
orange and green mounds are made of salt
sulfur and iron
creating views like nowhere else on the
planet
yet the combination of temperature and
toxic minerals
makes this place absolutely unlivable
researchers coming here haven't found
even microscopic life in this valley
really like another planet beautiful and
desolate
on the other hand there's an island
that's bubbling with life
yet still you don't want to be there
it's called
snake island and the name says it all
it's chock full of snakes
in fact there are so many of them
especially the venomous varieties
that brazil has forbidden access to the
island to any and
all visitors but even if it wasn't
closed off
not many would be brave enough to go to
a place where a single step
offshore could land you a venomous bite
now i'll bet that fly geyser in the
middle of the nevada desert
was created partly because humans became
jealous of that
this place had been just another bit of
desert until
1916 people came here to drill a water
well
they quickly saw the error of their ways
though the water came out boiling hot
and unfit for drinking 50 years later
there was another attempt
but the same thing happened we don't
learn do we anyway
hot water never stops spewing from under
the ground
and today we have a massive geyser
cluster
colored in shades of red orange and
yellow
now i say let's take a break from things
that could bite burn or crush you
and take a walk in a serene forest we're
in japan
and it's sagano bamboo forest a
marvelous natural park
where you can't help but hush your voice
and just look
and listen too because the sound of the
wind in the bamboo trees
is the first ever officially recognized
soundscape
all the more surprising to find such a
place just
half an hour's ride from kyoto one of
the busiest cities in the country
take a deep breath of fresh air now
you're going to need it
we're going underwater behold the great
blue hole
apparently named by captain obvious it's
one of the most beautiful places on the
planet
located off the coast of belize this
giant sinkhole is a massive tourist
attraction
especially popular among divers it's
actually a whole
cave system and they say it gets weirder
and more picturesque the deeper you die
beware though it's popular among sharks
too and both
bull sharks and hammerheads have been
spotted here more than once
here have a towel and prepare for some
barbecue
the darvasa gas crater is waiting a huge
hole again
this time in the ground and burning over
50 years ago
geologists found this spot in turkmenia
central asia
and were quite a bit alarmed there was
an enormous deposit of methane a highly
flammable gas
underground they set it on fire to
prevent the gas from spreading
and since then the holes kept burning
it's over 200 feet across
and 100 feet deep and no one knows when
it'll finally run out of fuel
is it too hot again well let's have a
little swim with jellyfish then
jellyfish lake on one of the rock
islands in palau
is perfectly described by its name in
there were about 30 million of these
creatures here
although today only 700 000 of them
remain
their number is growing and tourists can
actually swim with them
until they get stung that is okay
kidding these jellyfish don't have
stingers so it's safe
until they decide to grow stingers of
course
from the depths we're going even deeper
the gomentong caves are our next stop
the cave system on the island of borneo
could have been batman's hideout
given how many bats live there at night
these nocturnal animals fly out of the
cave in the thousands
making you wonder why you're still there
watching it but
if you're brave enough to go inside the
cave you can truly marvel at the variety
given to us by nature
because there on the floor and walls of
the cave
lie tons of bat droppings giving food
and home to millions of cockroaches
parasites
and giant centipedes wondrous okay i'm
out of here
now if you're as easy to get away as i
am here's a place to go
medite national park in bolivia it's one
of the largest protected areas in south
america
and is home to an immense variety of
animals birds and insects
i could do without the mosquitoes but
it's still among the few places where
you could see
wild macaws monkeys capybaras and dozens
of other creatures
still it's better to be careful because
wild animals aren't always happy to see
you
and there are known cases of attacks on
tourists
ever wanted to feel like frodo baggins
in middle earth
here's your chance in iceland there's a
slumbering volcano named
frigga gigerth that welcomes guests to a
tea party
now don't confuse this with another
infamous icelandic volcano a a fiet la
you cook
yeah it's easy to mix them up they sound
so similar
here tourists are actually ushered down
into the volcano
and spent close to an hour inside
looking at the magmatic landscape
they say three nucleigor can't wake up
all of the sudden
but who knows don't forget to bring the
ring of power
just in case from the lowest dungeon to
the highest peak
and here we are at mount hua in china
it's called the most dangerous hike in
the world for a reason
it's high it's crazy scary and it's a
hike
at the height of seven thousand feet
which already makes me reconsider
there are several wooden planks nailed
to the sheer wall of the mountain
when you get to the start of the hike
you put on safety gear
and realize there's no turning back you
have to walk
all the way and then back but if you're
lucky
you'll see a crowd of hundreds of
tourists and decide not to spend hours
waiting for your turn
finally to really creep you out i'm
taking you to preprio
in ukraine if you watch the tv show
chernobyl
you probably know what happened in this
area if you didn't see it
well don't have a meltdown much of the
town is still
off limits for visitors but there are
already guided tours around the place
as haunting as it is the landscape has
some magnetic force
the silence makes you keep as quiet as
you can
also you can see with your own eyes what
happens when people abandon a whole city
nature takes back what once belonged to
it creeping vines along the walls and
lampposts
trees and bushes sprouting from under
concrete
and the main attraction in this desolate
place
is the rusty old ferris wheel that sure
shivers my timbers